hello friends welcome to funny kitchen
we will depend on easy dishes churches
they accompany you to chávez li na wai
and she is a specialist in fusion cuisine
nor anyone my life thank you very much
we want you to tell us what disgust without love
went to the kitchen function involves taking
this implementation a global intern and merge them with those now in
of several paintings there are for example we are going to have part frieze that normally
It leads as of French origin but we are going to use it with chorizos
Antioquenos very typical of the Colombian region
I love that deal
first because it is typical Colombian
indicated announced that in June
the species is stable another presentation for these typical guinea meals in a
summer are the ingredients that we will use today
well it seems part of being Hispanic to need is not part of the success in the
race a can of beer to which it belongs
state percent of cream cheese
2 cup of milk cream until the initial beep taste
ian ethics of the typical ones that are for grill
the barber javi fire m nature from where lawyers of the
former managers
not in vain very well in the microwave
a minute if it's a pharmacist we faced a minute they have
come to give him more he appears for bildu because the idea that he left her five
wounded
they remove the hiccup I surrender to the services I have soul previously
the eurozone and its soirees in Salceda I will give them a little bit because I
I want them to understand and cold they do not go to our skin they are envious
process them for the threat of the imminent sale a few replicas the
Haitians there is not a little bit in Spain pilieri we are all going to put
to start with food
they will put census cream
let it be my mouth
creams grada what is wanted that I excited those family members for the purposes
last week
the court agreed
in the local plaza in front of the disease
today I have seen myself from the sky
in this case as to vary time are combined a contact shots
that for sale does not lie nascent ariza angels served today a little
olive oil holcim who alone or in pure being guarantor of the
common good that is something more healthy
but from the limiting
the origins of the Qur'an or you do not have to know how to prepare
Nestor a little bit of olive oil
the server dr
famous effective for these services
video decoration
parker lines in the crazy learning and belinda put something to
explore what to do for it we are using injured
if they throw esportives defense
we stop being real of the pig that take state of the beer city hall
while been incessant
with it the works council
ab inbev hand for intimate assembly at the end when we have everything
integrator
yes
When I finish reading
seeing is believing
2010 census
and that you can also put in the fridge to test months
to finish the frame of this work at the end
read high performance angels in my part I'm going to do because I just do not
they have known in solitude in the paved after they will not put much
pepper and lots of salt
a little bit of olive oil
for that reason it guarantees the king is no longer alonso fifteen minutes until
would open joaquin nephew place the let's continue the pair remember taxi drivers so that
people are enough for the only undefeated
my brother I'm doing father
e now the activity just out of the world furnace down to jones so I say
nothing has to fear
to the act have also attended the election
two years after the match
Aggregates altered in beer
for the Balearic
Now after a brief recount of the recitation
it's very easy to do it, they're just going to take the choriceros they're going to put
microwaves to remove the skin a little bit from the skin
Inca wounds are going to be removed not only will they process with the cream of
milk cheese cream salt and pepper i the phonetics are going to put them in the oven
with a little olive oil salt thick oregano were going to serve the
Outsourced tourists to ikea mosques - superbly presented to sink
for a little enter ap also for a blog is strong with a Sunday the
concept is that it is a dish that is light but that also the
need 70 and more thank you very much to inah for having accompanied us on the day
from today
this recipe was delicious
this report patricia vélez